Good working environment Good platform to develop
Low Salary,Work pressure, pressure high

Worst company to start a carrier
No sign to grow in kgisl. Internal politics, no respect for employees.

Nothing good to say here
Worst experience all over Heavy work load No recognition for work They trouble employees by holding last month salary+last but month salary for more than 2months even after relieving, till that time u don't get even experience letter or relieving letter No learning platforms

Good place to learn as a fresher
Appraisal are not happening on time....

Good Environment, Lot of projects, Good client value addition
The old manager lacks the necessary abilities, yet they continue to engage in unprofessional behavior and exhibit a lack of professionalism

No proper Communication from team
Untimely pay raise as per their suitability

Good Team leads, flexible hours
Nothing much, its good company.

Nice environment to work for
Not a bad environmental to work for

Nice environment Helping team members
Low pay and no consideration to

Only food and atmospere in the campus.
* They'll over load the employees * No formal traninng to upskill yourself * They won't follow any policies and ir's only in papers * They'll release you out of the company if you don't extend your working time and weekend support * Rude management people * No cab facility * Sir and Madam culture * They follow the very old legacy culture * Attrition rate is high * Job is secure and they do have very limited projects *Pay is very less when compared to the market

Good company in Coimbatore Visions are clear Free food
1. Fully biased company 2.Hikes are not given at the right time, for 1 year it won’t happen for another year it can happen in the month of July or October or Anytime and on this your guess is as good as mine. 3. No job security, you may asked to leave the organisation at any time without proper notice 4. Your work will not be valued, you will not have any career growth and no increment in salary as well. 5. Only favourite people get recognized and will be awarded in Employee connect. 6. CEO of the company promises many things but nothing will happen until another connect 7. Just posing for pics with employee and liking post in linkedin by CEO is not enough . CEO should know what’s happening in the team. CEO only listen to his favourite people. 8. Favoritism & Nepotism are practiced at the best possible way. 9. They will say it’s hybrid, but your reporting manager will not let you take work from home but the reporting manager can take as many work from home and leave as they feel. 10. Your self-respect and dignity will be shaken quite often, no respect for employees 11. Managers are ruling people with no knowledge on team handling, they are here either because they stay longer at the company or know how to act in front of CEO and tend to harass & intimidate you or sometimes even threaten you

The organization has standard rules and benifits. There is no special item to mention. The lunch provided to all employees is a great plus.
conservative approach to business and employees

Worked on client side but good for local base location facilities etc
Didn't get any facilities when working on client side







Place to learn Company politics. Free lunch will be provided.
Work Pressure. Delayed bonus/appraisal for the employees. No job guarantee

Salary on time . This is third party in RGI.
Not give proper apprisal. 3 or 4 k yearly that is bad. Not understand Urgency of employee. Like my health is not good at the resign time I asked him to release me at that time but they not ready to release me. 3 month notice period and I served 2 month and 3 days.aftet that I absconded the company then take rest for 6 month. Then started journey with new company.

Good to work for freshers
After few years need to switch company

Good and Pleasant working environment
very rare Hikes or Bonuses

Food and Cab allowance, team support, night allowance
Politics, even you perform well they make you wait for basic promotion and hike, salary hike is rare,

Experience Can learn a lot
Partiality Favoritism No proper holidays

Worked on Client based project so intervene by company once deployed
No facilities while work on Client side

like to the job and my preference
work hard work and smart work

Managers are very supportive in work
Not provide any gift and bonus in festival.

Solid infra , IT Hub, training infra
Politics Politics Politics Politics Politics

Free food Good Salary Flexible timings Modern culture Career Growth
Nothing for our concern now

Knowledge gaining, good package, good environment
Nothing to be mentioned as downside







We can learn more about the technology, VP Vinith Menon was the coolest guy in the office next comes Ravi our program manager. Colleague was just awsm in premise.
I didn’t see any downsides in office but few niggas are there who think that they are the only stuffed guy and no one else knows anything! They don’t even give space for you to survive. But we need those kinda guys to be with us to break all the barriers and to show yourself in front of everyone.

It will be best experience
Nothing like that. KGiSL will be great place for freshers to start their career




I have complete a Year at KGISL as senior software Developer (Associate). Good Place to work. Good hike. friendly management
I see no cons my experience

Good company to develop our skills
Work pressure to handle in timing







Work life balance good & they are not forced for releave and all
I worked client side so leave related need to consider

This is the ever worst company with poor culture, zero org hierarchy, gender discrimination, etc. They will collect original marksheets and will never return even if you are getting separated on medical grounds. They will never provide resignation acceptance email or a letter! No proper ER also! A perfect company for useless & dump brains. One can join the company on temporary basis who feels to remain idle.
Everything in the company seems bad



















Organization value you, empathy and job guarantee.
Worst ever politics. Seen employees being fired for creating personal/ private chat rooms to interact with employees they are comfortable with.







Nice to work in this company
Nothing worng about this company







Best environment in Coimbatore location
Salary is less compared with other companies




Technology is Good. There are many opportunity to Explore
Managers need to Change their behavior & mentality










Good client and payroll is ok
No proper HR communication Force to continue agreement




No pros at all here
The worst place to be at any point of life. They dnt pick the call once you leave the organisation They dnt do bgv and are super rude if you leave the organisation against their will

KGiSL offers business certainty with a comprehensive portfolio of services being a trusted partner of over 200 of the top fortune 500 companies. Close to 3 decades of deep expertise adding value to customers across the globe with operations in 7 countries & looking towards rapid expansion. Hungry for growth, open for innovative solutions, great learning experience, A perfect blend of 3 generations working together - Industry veterans to the young & vibrant talent in the system - targeting one focus "Trusted partners"
Evolution from conventional approach to current scheme of things in line with the latest trend. Needs convergent & collective thought process for implementation & success A maturing & evolving organization will have to go through this phase of "CHANGE" with an amount of discomfort & waiting time through the change process to realize positive outcome.




Environment is very good to relax.
Basic package is very low to start career.




VERY BAD EXPRIENCE IN KGISL
No Knowledge Share. No work Balance of Life. Only Focus the Work .don't care about Employee

* Operations are very expediting. * Facilities provided right from IT, support infrastructure, are great. * Free food with good quality is something which I would like to emphasize. * Importance to covid precautions are in high alert inside the office premises. * Internal communication with variable teams is smooth and all teams are prompt in providing any support.
No cons to mention for now and I don't see I would come in the future as well.

1. The management & team is very cooperative. 2. One gets the salary on time without fail. 3. Proper working hours with other HR benefits.
Nothing as such. Even if you work on Saturday you get a comp off.

Work life/balance Good management Free Lunch Technical Knowledge New technology
Nothing to Say Small Team Nothing to say Nothing to say Nothing to say

Have the opportunity to learn
Have to handle unnecessary pressure

Friendly environment to work with. Very Good work culture
Nothing observed. It's good working here.

You get best package also you get incentive which improves your work performance.
You have keep good track of your sleep cycle and health




Future Plans for growth is high Vision was very high. Good Culture. Supporting Team and Management. Friendly Company to work. Free Lunch Lots of benefits
Transport needs to start as soon as possible.

I have hard worker good person
Improve the knowledge and skills





4

Its a sales process so good incentives and Middle management is really good just not the upper management
Small company so you miss out on lots of perks in comparison to a bigger company Incentives not as high as promised even though its a sales process




good for freshers good for internship
no work-life balance salary is very low

Culture, Work life balance, stress free environment
Salary date should be changed like the real world

good company to work with always
depends on our capability to adapt to situation




Good working environment and safe for women employees
Salary is less when compared to other firms







Pros: Good work culture, good management, growing and changing old legacy rules to adapt with modern world. Lots of opportunities, visibility to top level unlike any other company. Good compensation.
: i don't see anything cons

Good company for freshers to start working.
Low salaries is a big problem as cost of living in Coimbatore is quite high

Very good working culture comparing to other organisations
No work from home even during covid situation

Provide all facilities, Interact with team members
Not available to mention anything

1.Good environment. 2.Comfotable cubical to work 3.Free Food
Not Much learning No Job Grantee




Work Culture Infrastructure Diversity of Business Process
None that is worth Mentioning

Friendly environment and free meals provided
Nothing like that as of now

Good working environment and the polices
I don't feel any discomfort with the organization

Good company for people who start the career.. management makes employees very comfortable
Need to react soon by HR, when employee raise a concern . HR active is very slow

Easy to write your company name in resume, Apart from this nothing come to my mind right now...
Work : 9Am to 10Pm (Usual) up to 4am (sometimes)... Your Family surely leave you after Joining KGISL... Pls don't get a KGISL Life Partner, then you will lose your life. Monthly Expenses : 1K for Headache balm ( For you and Your Family)







I have worked Last 3+ years . Personally I like the company and company benefits. I have worked with all latest technologies in KG with different team.
All Good . Nothing to say.

Free Food facility Infrastructure Work culture Transportation Friendly people
Work Pressure lack of fun activities

Nothing I found interesting. It's not a better place to work at.
I am writing for KGISL GSS 1. Favoritism!! Favoritism!! Favoritism!! - Favorite people can get any stage appraisals exclusively in US Operations & Collinson team 2. Nepotism!! Nepotism!! - Some Project Managers are bringing their relations straightforwardly into team through by-passing all TAG policies 3. You want to be earn of good billing for company, see my contract was over, the next day my salary was cut to 50% monthly 4. Enquire clearly about variable pay and get signed bond paper for variable pay, bcoz getting variable pay is you have to lift the Himalayas 5. HR Team was asked me to place 5 star score in glassdoor when my onboard. It is a compulsory doings from them. You can find unwise HR jerks here, Bet it will not be the good last days when you are on notice period and time of relieving.










good work culture, supporting staff
till now didn't find any cons

Lunch and knowledge is good, ability to learn
Low salary No recognition No respect No additional benefits







Good environment for work for all type of people
Language problem every one talks in tamil

Growth for Fresher Lunch free Cab facilities Good Infrastructure
If Cab Facilities provided in free of cost its comfortable for all employees

Apart from the salary it is a great place for freshers to learn something new.
CTC of the employee is above average.

Working Culture Employee Concerned Infrastructure and facilities
Nothing particular to mention about the company

Salary on time Comp off for weekends works.
Works will be on client companies payroll will be from kg. No work/life balance poor management




High posibility to Learn and apply Supportive team Standard working time Good Infrastructure Meals and pick up facility
Flexible work timing not available







Training is excellent, Good infrastructure , Everything is good, interview process is easy.
Food taste is not good.

Learning will be in Abundance as a fresher Good Management Free Lunch Cab Facilities
Nothing as of now . ,

Good team to and pleasant environment to work
Nothing to say about it

Environment, Free food, Cab Facilities, Infrastructure and Good ambiance
Interview process, More Designers, Cab Fee,

Friendly environment,best learning platform for freshers
Low salary for fresher candidates







happy working in this corporate Culture
Nothing to say in KGISL Company

good working environment, free food
There is no cons to mention

* Wonderful Colleagues * Free food * Good learning
We don't have any cons as such

Good company to work, Nice team to co-ordinate supportive
Free to foods, Supporting co-workers ,

Free food Cab facilities Good ambiance
No cons till now. Everything fine. Need to improve food quality.










overall good ownership and management
Not yet found any cons

It is very friendly environment to work
Nothing to say about the company




Best place for learning new technologies.
Nothing to say about cons

Free food Cab facilities Good infrastructure Good ambiance
No cons till now. Everything good

Free food Good ambiance Good infrastructure Good culture
No  till now. Everything good.




free lunch ,cab facilities and good infrastructure.
interview process is complicated .No free WiFi.

Good infrastructure and free food
Nothing to say about the cons of the company

Free Food Cab facility Good environment Friendly collegues Good company
No cons still now lengthy interview process

Good Food , Good Infrastructure, Good supporting Team
No cab facility , Low salary




free lunch, free cab and eco friendly environment
No more cons so far

Good work culture Good team support
Nothing to mention as cons

Nice working environment and good learning place.
Till not found any cons.










Free lunch Cab Facilities Good Infrastructure Work Time Good Teammates
Interview process is too complicated

Good working atmosphere, Supportive Management.
All sounds good to go.







The team leaders and all the other associates were always friendly and Supportive. Really a great place to start your career.
Everything seemed to be fine




Best company to work Helping work atmosphere job security is there Salary at the beginning will be low after u get experience ur salary will be gud
Nightshifts so for somepersons working in nightshifts would be tough At the beginning salary will be low after you gain experience and show ur performance then everything willbe gud

Good place to learn more things..
Lot of Work pressure, Low pay




Good and Friendly Company to work.
At times work pressure but still it would be supportive

Good environment and lovely infrastructure, Food free
Not like that anything , Goes good




Good place to work for beginners
salary revision is less comparatively

It a very good company to work with. We are supporting Kgtiger every day new opportunities to learn.
No bad as such.. Its a great company and they are improving themselves each day.




Salary on 7th of month.
No proper process was followed by company. No professional communication i.e everyone used to talk in Tamil. There are no new technologies. You will waste you career at kgisl.

Can gain knowledge, disciplined office culture, Cabs will be provided, Salary will be on time
Have to work overtime Canteen not good Salary hike will be minimum Salary slab is low

There are many open opportunities offered to any level of employees. Great support from Senior Management for any kind of new initiatives as per market demands.
There is nothing to expose as negative side of it.

Good Working culture and environment
No career growth and no new technology

- Has good technology - Free Lunch before pandemic.
- Zero Employee Benefits. - Variable pay is a part of employee CTC which was taken back fully if employee puts paper.This happened recently to many of employees, even though the company is good at revenues. - Delayed hikes. - Management decides policies which is unsuitable for employees. Example : Variable Payout policy - Politics on Management side.










Good and perfect work place.friendly environment
Salary is what my concern and we have to wait so long for hikes and promotion

Meals Good campus infrastructure IT company Mid level
Not ok Don’t join No improvement in your career Low package







In here you get to work with all teams. You get to be a part of Development, digital transformation, Sales Etc. The learning here would be great if you put in the effort. You have no shifts but to work from 9 to 6 which is great for most people. You get decent lunch and you can explore new opportunities but it comes with a catch. Passing the hurdles and making a name for you depends on your skill set.
Onsite promised was not given. Salary issues Hikes are bad Lesser projects.

Salary on time, Saturday off
Miscommunication, no care employees once deployed over to client, notice period 90 days

The job is permanent and the working environment is also decent
Salary is little low when compared to the competitors

Safe environment for everyone. Good Amenities provided. Free dinner & two way cab provided
Work environment and work culture, it differs from team to team, Very less to moderate transparency. Lack of communication in the team.

The team is very friendly and supportive
they don't provide off when we asked in case of emergency

Good environment in company.recommended one. Good to work
Nothing more for cons in company.i recommend to everyone

Good learning experience Salary on time Friendly TLS Good insentives
Work over loaded Rules changes often

Good company to kick off your career. Technically you can learn stuffs for first two years. There are lot of good, kind, technical people to help you in hard time.
Plenty of it: HR and management is very poor. Bet it will not be the good last days when you are on notice period and time of relieving. In the name of incentive, your exposure will be limited when switching to other companies. Blind commitment to the clients which will impact/pressure the employee. Poor employee perks, in fact none I can say.

Experience, situation handling, self learning
Salary, no appreciation, personal life balance

Good company with supportive team.
Not found any cons while working with KGISL

Good Environment to learn coding skills
There is nothing to complaint

Everyone is almost very friendly
work pressure and off days




Good place to Learn, good environment
Less appraisal, no truth from HR dept

Good place to work: recommended
After 3 AM the canteen will be closd till 9AM: bad news for Graveyard Shift

Ok for the freshers from the native place
Not ok for the freshers from other places

Good Work culture and friendly Enviorment
Support from Seniors is lacking

Good Place to learn. Safe place for girls. Security will too good
Work Life balance we can't expect much more

You can learn lot from this company
no cons leave policy and salary good




Good place to work and nice people around
Less interaction with the employees

Fully financial project learn to more and more
Good company working time is standard, not flexible timing.

Best place to work good for freshers can earn good incentives
Night shift is must 😴

Management is very good and the understands what is employee needs time to time.
No they don't have any negatives.

If you worked in KGISL, you can work anywhere. No.1 in the learning environment, caste-based politics and pressure
Local Coimbatore major community (caste) people occupied all the positions and they will treat you as like a slave. They will give importance only to their community people and they will ignore your mistakes if you are in the same community. Top to bottom full of politics based on caste and higher management also will not take any action against this because they need their support.




They provide food and cab
Everything apart from food and can is bad.... They won't give promised salary.. Eyewash freshers that they will earn upto 20k and once they get the candidate certificate they will disclose the target and all stuff

very Good high level management
Work environment in company is average

Well a knock on the head for freshers that world is a reality
Low wage, no respect, no proper trainers, poor management.










Nice place to work. Nothing problem there
No cons. Initial pay for freshers is very low

free cab for workers free
no free foods for workers

If you don't have knowledge is does not a problem but you are in the same caste. They try to build top to bottom same caste people
backboneless hr team. There is no value for talent

Good Management Good People Great place to learn about BPO
Nothing to say about cons Everything is perfect

Managers are illetrate like vinod ,he dnt brush n literally fire if u take 1 day leave and they don't pay.they will ask u work for 6 days and 12 hrs a day
Everything downs here but TL are great here




Amazing workplace for people who want a work life balance
The salary hike is slow

Good place, environment, free cabs, night shifts..no much pros for this company
Work pressure,very bad team leaders

Work under pressure, politics, weekend have to work
Salary not given as per the work.

Need improvement in everything and so on
Ambient, culture, work, environment , travel

Salary on time 1 month notice period
You will be hired on contract for the first year No severance is given when they let you go without notice

You can learn a lot while you are in the company because you would be doing all kinds of works
The salary, that is the biggest con

It was a Learning environment
Lacks a good management side

good colleagues, nothing good to say about this place.
horrible timings, horrible food,too much drama, horrible team leaders, underpaid and overworked

good work culture and exposure
bad at salary and hikes

No pros found in one year
Worst work life balance. They treat employees like school kids

Good infrastructure and well maintained
This is not appropriate to say it over here

Good place to work and nothing
Nothing to say about cons

good company to for, if you have no ambition in life
no growth in the company

Job guaranteed! If you agree to work like an arse with no personal life, with no sense of individuality or no hopes of getting any other job elsewhere. Salary on 7th of every month like clock work (delays could be due to canara bank)
1. The entire culture. (Garments Factory atmosphere) 2. Will never realize they are a small time operation! Their biggest campaign had 46 employees! 3. Nobody treats people like grown ups! Felt like going to a boot camp! (I have experience of 5 years & know how the industry works). 4. Salary is on 7th of every month. 5. No free medical insurance or Mediclaim. 6. Bank accounts with Canara Bank, that too it will ONLY be a COIMBATORE branch. 7. No option to get the salary account transferred to Bangalore. 8. Leave policy that discourages employees talking the leaves that are earned. 9. No Employee Recognition. 10. The general idea is, "Employees are Slaves". Personally discourage ANYONE from joining this company. You will regret!!!

1) Environment friendly 2) Free lunch and free coffee. 3) Some managers are good(Not All) 4) New technologies in so many projects you can learn,if you have self interest. 5) T shirt (every 6 months) and bags will be provided.
1) Strict timing.They will check your in and out time with naked eyes.If you punch 5 mins delay you will get a mail regarding.You have to apply leave if you late for more than 2 hours or else it will be a LOP 2) Hike is there but when and how much is no one knows.(even managers) 3) You can reach HR easily but that won't help .They will busy with someother works they won't hear what your concern is. 4) Need to work on Saturdays and Sundays if the project is critical situation but you won't get any compensation.










- Really, really awesome people. It's hard to communicate how nice it is working with a group of people who are genuinely nice, respectful, know how to have a good time, and best of all are great at their jobs. -There's a strong culture of continuous improvement. - Everyone is approachable, friendly, and keen. - Feedback is encouraged and taken seriously; wellbeing and career growth are discussed frequently at monthly one-on-ones. -Amazing positive team. People actually care about each other and customers. They all care about the product, the customer and the company; always working to achieve top results but having fun while doing so. - There's a lot of opportunity for fun, challenging work.
The company is growing fast. So there are many changes (exciting changes!) happening.

Well learned & a cool management team.. Great HR dept .. Hard working employees .. Ability to make something out of nothing .. Great place to begin your career the reason I say that is due to oppotunities provided for learning and to up skill yourself .. Most importantly they never give up no matter what ..
Every company have their drawbacks .. A few slips through the cracks which can be changed in time ..

This becomes a joke once you are there May be good for freshers who wanted to start the career
A big list I wonder how this firm became an it company No ethics.. once u join the hr if its a female( cannot take the name)tells u all unrelated loopholes that is not even in the agreement The hr cannot help any person who have emergency or any personal issue .. hr dept is just there for name sake Managers are puppets of the hr team.. there is no protocol which the employees bind by and rules change with each employee




1. Highly professional and advanced work environment 2. Will provide adequate training required for the job 3. Proper guidance from Senior employees and Management to a great extent 4. Satisfactory growth in terms of roles and responsibilities
1. Promises from management are not worthwhile to consider (rather are not kept as per expectation) 2. Highly restricted growth in terms of compensation and benefits 3. High-level of internal politics 4. Individual growth may be restricted

They have strong training departments. It helps a recent graduate grow into a corporate structure. Hands-on job training. A strict environment which sometimes is a pro, but not all the time.
A lack of clear business ideology and at a certain level, growth becomes impossible. Politics play a huge role in your career growth as well. The need to over-do boss jazzing looks mandatory.

Free Lunch/Coffee? T-Shirt & Bags every few months? I don't see anything else to write here apart from this.
--Before going into CONS, I'm pretty sure that there will be 2-3 reviews with 5 star rating after my review and I'm sure the chance of those reviews from actual employees would be slim. This is just to even out the ratings from worst to average.-- 1. Employee benefits are ZERO. I mean, literally zero. Pay is below industry standard and upon asking the reply you will get is, "Because it's Coimbatore location and we have more people ready to join for this salary!". I mean, are you paying for my talent or what? 2. HIKE! Oh boy!! Where do I start from? It's like thriller movie. You don't know when you will get your hike, what is the process they used to arrive at this number and whatnot! Moreover you don't have a say in this! Once your hike is decided, that's it. No more negotiations! Better luck next year. I still remember every year we wait for our hike more than we wait for anything else. One year it will arrive soon, another year it will arrive toooooo late! No matter what work you do, it doesn't exactly translated into hike. Rather whatever company decides it will reflect in your hike. In general, it is ONE BIG JOKE!!! 3. Another great thing to mention, the PAY STRUCTURE. They spent a lot of time to make sure employee doesn't get any benefits at all. No matter what your salary is, they break it in such a way, you will get peanuts as EPF. I still don't understand why no one had the guts to question this and they are just happy they are getting paid. Even when my salary was less, I used to get PF higher than this. This is such daylight robbery in my opinion and employees should raise this concern, but I doubt if they will. 4. This company is devoid of any team activities that we heard so far in IT companies. Hell, even some small startups in Coimbatore treats employee well and the culture is good compared to this company. No Team lunch, no outings, no sports activities, nothing. I see some team leads and team members pitch in to take team out for lunch to celebrate and increase morale. It's just PATHETIC!!! All they want is that you work you butt off to earn them tons of money. 5. No respect for employees. Not in my such long experience I've ever faced such bad experience anywhere else. Seriously it will make you question yourself and your dignity will be shaken very often. 6. Reluctance to accept new technologies or trust new talents and assign work. The managers will pick their trusted old mates to lead project and to take decisions who will stick with older technologies instead of using cutting-edge technology to do the same job in much better way. Reason? They don't want employees to learn new and work, instead you do what you know for the rest of the life. 7. TIMING!!! This is pure idiocy which I've never seen in any company. You have to be there before 9am. If you will be late for 10 mins, there is a good chance you will be called up by some manager and get an earful for being late! But the same managers don't take into consideration that you were late the previous night due to some overloaded tasks being assigned. 8. Senior Management doesn't translate the views of those who sit in upper. This is my view. But I seriously doubt if the Upper management is so naive not to know this or if they choose wrong people intentionally. 9. Company started taking shape a year ago but now it is nowhere near what it could have achieved. Right people make the company and the same time, wrong people break the company. I won't be surprised if they fell flat on their face with their current directions towards projects, treating employees, high attrition rate etc. That would teach them a lesson or two. 10. HR is just a joke. Not there for employees but for the employer. And some silly, stupid rules that the management enforces sometime make you wonder whether you work in a Software Company or some retail shop. God knows what's running on the mind of people who make those rules when they brag about how they plan to go big. Oh, no! Not with this attitude! 11. Meetings are not to discuss critical business decision, but rather to announce what they plan to achieve and what snacks we can provide at cafeteria. Their seniors meeting is nothing short of stand-up comedy. I'd rate it 10/10 for comedy and it is like watching Seinfeld. 12. Managers, who are there just because they stay longer at the company tend to intimidate you, harass you and even straight-forward threatening like "If you can't do this, then we will use another person!". But the truth is that, those managers are good for nothing and I don't see any of them bring any value to the company. Yet, here they are, ruling people with no knowledge on team handling and professionalism. 13. No WFH culture. Even some small startups started adopting this and it will help people who really need it. But alas, they won't. It may be some emergency and need only half-a-day but you can't work the rest of the day from home. Instead you either go to office or stay at home by taking whole day off. 14. They expect you to join in company groups in messengers app and expect you to reply within seconds if a client messages in the group. Even in weekends! Yeah, right, we employees don't have life outside work, am I right? It is as if they own you. --I'm glad I ditched this company for much better one and I'm not only happy now, but learning something new and enjoying being at work. The environment is fun and activities are plenty and work culture is just how it should be. It made me realise how toxic this company was for me to feel this way. --

There is no pros as there are no projects except sony.
There are no benifits as mentioned by the company. Salary is not up to industry standard, so you will find many fake people who join this company to get experience. No one have good knowledge. As people who has knowledge won't stay in this company. Advice to new employee. Never come and work in this company if you have other options .

I was part of KG groups for 3+ years good people to role on and learn new things and it’s like a home to me
Sudden change in the management and policy’s changes makes trouble need to learn how an MNC be like example if ur studying 5 class ur teacher will be from 2 class will you accept to continue the study ? Understand if u can

Proud to working in one of the best company in coimbatore. working under good management & good team work. I proved best performance in my designation.
they didn't fulfil employee needs. sometimes resolving their needs, but taking more times to resolve their needs. otherwise its best to giving salary in correct time.

Relaxed work culture where associates been treated like a family, Great Perks and infrastructure. Challenging work, great team and environment to start and progress rapidly. Transparent approach and communication across levels are good. They motivate you to acquire new skills, which allows you to grow in your career within the organisation. Work life balance is really appreciated.
Not much to think off

I love the persons and the way they helped a lot to pickup in my career.It was the happiest moment I spent in my life.I enjoyed and I got lot of contacts.
According to KGiSL I feel they believe in First impression is best impression. So the employee who came in have to get a good impression ASAP and have to impress with his smart work than hard work.

1) Organization focus on career growth. 2) More challenging opportunities provided. 3) Onsite opportunities are provided. 4) Effort of recruitment team to bring new employees are great 5) HR policies in the process of transformation 6) They are providing free lunch 7) Good Hike system
Traditional Company - Need to change

Great work environment, Awesome pay packages, Fast track growth, Great Leadership with ability to foresee thus ensuring the organisation & its people is never at risk, excellent work etiquette right from start up levels to management, never a delay on the payday!!!
Every org is bound to have a few, but then I haven't seen any that hasn't been fixed upon notice.




You get yourself trained to the latest tools probably You may get spotlighted if you can gel with managers
If you are late by 10 mins you gotta apply permission else that days becomes a LOP If you are already having MNC experience I recommend you to look for other companies You’ll not have any MNC culture







Great place to implement your innovative ideas and grow along with the organization. Wise management, highly skilled teammates, talents are recognized and promoted internally. Really suits for people who like a fast pace learning and continuous growth opportunities. Enjoying the benefit of tasty hot served food, good infrastructure, hygienic and employee friendly environment.
Nothing much about it. Internal Processes within team can be better streamlined.

Its a growing company and I got exposed to end to end processes with great support from leaders. If you want to learn end to end processes, this is the right place to land and start learning. My work life balance has improved after joining this company
Nothing much about it.... they focus more on continuous learning and improvement.







Good company to start your career. You can learn many things from your peers. Friendly environment to work. A respectable department among the students.
Sometimes we were asked to be a part of admission process, which is not our cup of tea. But it's not at all a problem to say, it's a nice experience.

Salary will be credited on time, two way cab is provided. Good choice for freshers
Daily sales target but not paid enough. Food provided is horrible. Leave policy is a headache, they won't approve mostly. I would advise experienced people to look elsewhere because of better pay and growth

Its a great place to work. I have joined the company just few months before and have got my complete training.Managers teach you from basic and with great passion. People are very co-operative and helpful.
Couldn't find any cons yet.







Good infrastructure, Good processes, Nice employees, Nice location
School like timing, bad cafeteria, securities have more power than employees, just time sense will not take any company to success, discimination to trainee employees

Good incentives , inbound Calls, No AHT , Flexible weekOffs , Cool Team members and HR
No Growth , No recognition's , 12 hour shifts , 10 hours of job on Mondays and when ever management required.

Best training.. cool work place..
Domination.. politics..fake promises..pressure.. forget about your family.. they ll treat you like a slave..

Transparent Work Environment -0 bias environment Excellent growth opportunities Amazing incentive plans and perfect payouts
If you are focused on your work and try to deliver what you have to, you wouldn’t see any cons.

No pros for last 2 years. if i got anything i will update here
Worst managers. They dnt know the meaning of hike/appraisal... Here only you can get reduced pay for every year. If you want to work in a challenging environment like no proper appraisal, worst managers and HR team then its a place for you..

Nothing much. The building looks good and cab is free.
they treat people as slave. They ll literally insult u in front of everybody if u make a mistake. in cafeteria, they won’t accept cash. They will deduct from your salary.

As my friend said its a good campus can get more knowledge
Downside is nothing because am new to kgisl




No comments. I worked this company more than 10 years, Now sitting Managers chairs person are literally dangers too the company. Only Boot lickers and survie and get good growth.
I'm very shamefull to say i worked to this concern. if glassdoor have negtive points i will give -10 to this concern. Especially person sitting in managers does not manner to treat employee equally. All them of thinking they are kings of kings.

i have like this job day by day new challenge and different type of problem and solution
some type server down and maintenance for cable problem employee misbehave to cut the lan cable

Good facility Transport & safety Friendly Staff members and managers
Base salary could be better Reporting a Problem to the HR is waste of time as it's not going to get solved.




Good platform to Learn new things.on time salary
Low salary.Don't respect employee freedom

Got some great managers in US Operations team.
No proper procedures followed in testing process as of now.

KGISL is the best company for the beginners.
The KGISL is great and perfect for beginners.

For freshers, this company will help to teach from the basic and bring you up with knowledgeable person
Promotions will be slow, you should wait for it

it is nice company to provide good working environment
it is very strict in nature and its type of work

Worst place to work! Termination is unexpected. Noone cares about you. Trainers suck! Nothing good about this company at all! No growth oppurtunities!
The computer suck, the place stinks, internet is slow! The room fresheners gives you a headache! You get hot water in place of tea/coffee from the vending machine!

Good Company with strong culture. It is maturing as it grows more into international.
Expanding slowly to international culture

Good environment and my dream to work at kgisl company
I don't have any experience in working with kgisl so I don't have a Idea

Best Trainers (Manoj for Linux, Santhosh for Networking, Mani for AWS) Good Infrastructure Timing same as IT industry
Nothing to say in particular

You will get onsite experience. You will have lot of learning.
Salary is not good. Salary is not in time.

Salary on time other than this nothing else to be mentioned
Poor HR system , they do not function as an unbiased entity. Decisions are not fair , and do not resolve employees concern. Low pay compared to bpo

corporate environment and cab facility
Not a competitive salary when compared to industry standards




Excellent Environment , Good Number of SAP Clients in India and outside India .
Nothing So Far , Everything Good

Great campus Good Working environment Great Support from the leaders Free lunch
No cons as of now

1) Great opportunity to explore new technology 2) Green Campus 3) Great management is very supportive employees
No cons as of now

The two days on boarding process was very smooth.
Nothing disappointing yet. concern department and other department people are also very helpful.

Learn a lot in selling and BD
Family work culture and decision making







Great opportunity to explore new technology Green campus Great management are very helpful
No cons as of now

The work environment is good and people's are very helpful.
There are no cons from my end.

It was a nice experience ,i learned a lot in Java domain
nothing..i learned a lot there.




Env iron ment and friends
It's nice place to work

Company respects an welcome talents
Trainers are worst in kgisl

Good place to learn what you expected
I don't think to say anything about cons

well and good in every aspects
need more improvement on infra

Beginners can learn a lot.
Night shift, Work culture and Senior management has to be changed

Cab Facility, Office Facilities, Extra Curricular activities
No food, No work life balance

Good place to learn
Policies are very bad

Employees working culture. Policies followed are up to grade. Gives value to the employees.
Some projects wont give cab facilities.










to gain more knowledge & experiance
nothing to say but every thing depend upon our character

Good work environment. Good management. Balanced work life.
It's good to work at KGISL

Good atmosphere and work environment
Salary is not satisfactory for designation




A multitude of arena to learn from with each day passing by.
Not noted during my tenure

* Continuous learning * free lunch * Transparent work environment
No cons as of now

good working culture, Nice location, Nice people
No project, service based, less salary, very less opponitute

Good place for fresher to improve knowledge and skills
not much cons about this company

Good place to start career
Learning at early stage of the career, training programs




No Pros to say nothing
Everything is worst no where in this world u can see such a worst company. Technical people limited and lots of people who don’t know anything but try to become everything.







Best Place- Best Management - Best Infrastructure
Few process to be fastened

Place to learn and make money
Nightshift and doesn't have nice food court

Salary on date is a pro
Low salary Strict and unfriendly Hr policies

more opportunity to grow as the company is growing
Lack of processes and mentoring

One of the best companies to work with
No work from home provided




Highly talented peoples to work around.
Need more exposure towards current trends.




it is near to my resident
it is a developed it park

Friendly environment,motivating team members n safe for women
Distance n cab issues at times







Heared a good words about KGISL
looking forward for a good working area













there is no pros to say about this company it will ruin your career please don't join try some other company
no interesting projects no workflow no fun activities fake advertisement no proper salary




Friendly environment, safety and transport available.
Salary slab could be better

Good infrastructure with pleasant work environment
I am not suppose to say that

Good company for eevry one
Night shift is needed here

best place to start your carrier
minimal salary and work pressure

jolly environment, gud canteen facilty
night shifts, cab facility poor







Good company to work in onshore
Nothing bad about the company

Good hope fully not bad
Nothing to do here after




Worst management I have ever seen
Worst hr team I have ever seen

Nothing to mention. no pros
We can lot cons. Company salary is very low.

On time Salary (every month 7 th )!!!!!!
Low salary!!!!!!!!!!!!! Internal Politics !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

